The idea behind the orchestrator architecture pattern is the following. 

Basically, for every message, we first do an API
call just to figure out what flow the user is in. Note that this may change unpredictably.
For example, someone could be in the middle of answering intake questions and suddenly 
ask about pricing. In this case, the orchestrator would then select the pricing flow and
send another API call with only the pricing prompt file.

Why bother with this?

Essentially, the cost of each openAI API usage was way too large ~ 2 cents CAD. 
The reason for this is that for every single message the bot needs to generate
we were sending the entire company_data.json, (originally 23kb, now reduced to 8kb).
However, this is wasteful because the bot doesn't need to "know" everything at all times.
For example, if doing intake questions (e.g "how old is your child"), it doesn't need to 
know pricing details, class schedule, company selling points etc.
By splitting the bot into separate user flows, the idea is to only feed the bot the 
information it needs to know, dramatically reducing cost (making it at least 10x more efficient!)

This is currently unfinished, but the plan is to have a separate "prompt file" for each
one of these flows - separate prompt files for pricing, general inquiries, intake, etc. 

The intake prompt file should be relatively short for example and we also wouldn't need to
feed it any company data, making the back and forth messages extremely cheap (possibly hundreds
of times cheaper).

So essentially, for every message the bot generates, we now do 2 API calls instead of 1.
Even though we have double the API calls, this is still significantly less expensive. 
The orchestrator calls are almost negligible in cost due to extremely short prompt file
(and we can potentially use a cheaper model for this too since it's an easy classification task). 

Another thing is each flow can have its own
memory. For example, FAQ flow might only need 5 message memory, whereas intake might need 20.
If we instead had say a fixed 20 message memory for the entire bot, the issue would be that 
relevant messages might leave the context window if the user switches flows in the middle.
For example if I just had a lot of back and forth messages in the intake flow and now I ask 
a question about the schedule, the bot doesn't need to see the past 20 messages about intake.
This is wasteful. 

Another major reason this architecture is good, is it allows a non-technical person to easily
customize the bot's behavior. Each "flow" is perfectly encapsulted and doesn't need to know
about other flows. So it becomes really easy to customize each flow. 

The tradeoff with this model is that we double response latency. The bot's response now takes
twice as long because of the extra API call for every message . However, this is still far
better than a human response time. 
